ANGOR_INTEGRATION_STATUS.md, before:

# 🎯 Angor Real Data Integration - Status & Next Steps

## ✅ What We Built

### 1. **Real Angor/Nostr Integration** (`app/angor_nostr_client.py`)
- Connects to Angor Nostr relays (`wss://relay.angor.io`, etc.)
- Fetches real crowdfunding projects using NIP-3030 (Event Kind 3030)
- Parses project data: target amounts, stages, founder keys
- Falls back to demo data if Nostr is unavailable

### 2. **Updated Adapter** (`app/angor_adapter.py`)
- **Priority 1:** Fetch REAL Angor projects from Nostr
- **Priority 2:** Fall back to demo JSON if Nostr fails
- Logs which data source is being used

### 3. **Installed Dependencies**
- ✅ `nostr-sdk` - Python library for Nostr protocol
- ✅ `websockets` - For relay connections

---

## 🔍 What Your Dashboard Shows

### Current Data Sources:

| URL Path | Data Source | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|
| `/` (default) | BTCPay Server | Individual invoices (NOT crowdfunding) |
| `/?source=angor` | **Angor Nostr** | REAL Bitcoin crowdfunding projects |

---

## 📊 Understanding the Dashboard Metrics

### **Invoice Status Meanings:**

1. **New** = Invoice created, awaiting payment
2. **Processing** = Payment received, awaiting confirmations
3. **Settled** = Payment confirmed, transaction complete
4. **Expired** = Invoice timed out without payment
5. **Invalid** = Payment failed or rejected

### **Daily Raised Capital Chart:**
- Shows BTC raised per day
- **For BTCPay:** Individual invoice payments
- **For Angor:** Crowdfunding investments over time

### **Status Distribution:**
- Pie chart showing breakdown of invoice/project statuses
- Click slices to filter by status (feature to be added)

---

## 🚨 Important: Data Source Confusion

### **BTCPay Server ≠ Crowdfunding**
- BTCPay = Payment processor for merchants (like Stripe)
- Used for: Invoices, products, services
- **NOT** for crowdfunding campaigns

### **Angor = Real Crowdfunding**
- Decentralized Bitcoin crowdfunding platform
- Like Kickstarter, but for Bitcoin
- Uses Nostr protocol for project data
- Uses Bitcoin time-locked contracts for funds

**Your original goal:** See capital raised for projects on Angor over time
**What we built:** Dashboard that can show BOTH BTCPay invoices AND Angor crowdfunding

---

## 🔧 Next Steps to Complete Integration

### 1. **Test Nostr Connection** (5 min)
```bash
cd /Users/mattfarrow/GitRepos/btc-crowd-funding
python3 -c "
import asyncio
from app.angor_nostr_client import fetch_angor_projects_from_nostr
projects = asyncio.run(fetch_angor_projects_from_nostr())
print(f'Found {len(projects)} projects')
"
```

### 2. **Verify Real Data** (2 min)
- Open: http://localhost:8000/?source=angor
- Check if you see real Angor projects (not demo data)
- Look for log message: "✅ Fetched X real Angor projects from Nostr"

### 3. **Enrich Project Names** (15 min)
Current issue: Projects show as "Angor Project abc123"
Solution: Fetch Nostr Kind 0 (metadata) events for actual names

```python
# Add to angor_nostr_client.py
async def fetch_project_metadata(nostr_pubkeys):
    # Query Kind 0 events for project names/descriptions
    pass
```

### 4. **Get Raised Amounts** (30 min)
Current issue: `amount_raised` always shows 0
Solution: Query Angor indexer API or Bitcoin blockchain

Options:
- Use Angor's indexer API (if available)
- Query Bitcoin explorer for funding transactions
- Parse on-chain data using project identifiers

### 5. **Add Historical Data** (1 hour)
Goal: Show "daily raised capital over last 30 days"
Solution: 
- Store project snapshots in database
- Query Nostr events with time ranges
- Aggregate investments by date

---

## 🎯 Recommended Focus

### **For Your Hackathon Demo:**

1. ✅ **Verify Nostr is working** - Test connection
2. ✅ **Show real Angor projects** - Even with placeholder data
3. ✅ **Explain the visualization** - What each metric means
4. 📝 **Document limitations** - "Raised amounts coming from indexer"
5. 📝 **Roadmap slide** - Show what's next

### **What Works Right Now:**
- ✅ Connects to Nostr relays
- ✅ Fetches real project structures
- ✅ Shows target amounts
- ✅ Displays project count
- ✅ Visualizes time-series data

### **What Needs Work:**
- ⏳ Enriching project names/descriptions
- ⏳ Fetching actual raised amounts
- ⏳ Historical daily aggregation
- ⏳ UI explanations (tooltips, drill-downs)

---

## 📝 Improving the UI

### **Add Status Explanations:**

In `templates/index.html`, add tooltips:
```html
<div class="stat-card" title="New = Awaiting payment">
    <h3>{{ new_count }}</h3>
    <p>New</p>
</div>
```

### **Add Drill-Down Views:**

In `app/views.py`, add status filter:
```python
@router.get("/")
async def dashboard(status_filter: str = "all"):
    if status_filter != "all":
        invoices = get_invoices_by_status(session, status_filter)
```

### **Add Click Handlers:**

In templates, add JavaScript:
```javascript
document.querySelectorAll('.stat-card').forEach(card => {
    card.addEventListener('click', () => {
        window.location.href = `/?status=${card.dataset.status}`;
    });
});
```

---

## 🎉 What You Achieved

You now have:
1. ✅ Real BTCPay Server integration
2. ✅ Real Angor/Nostr protocol integration
3. ✅ Webhook support for real-time updates
4. ✅ Analytics dashboard with visualizations
5. ✅ Database persistence
6. ✅ Deployed to GitHub

**This is a working MVP!** 🚀

The core architecture is solid. You can now:
- Show real crowdfunding projects from Angor
- Track Bitcoin payments from BTCPay
- Visualize trends over time
- Demo at your hackathon

---

## 🐛 Known Issues

### Issue 1: BTCPay Webhook Not Saving Invoices
**Problem:** Webhook deliveries sent to `/webhook/btcpay` but endpoint is `/webhook`
**Fix:** Update BTCPay webhook URL to remove `/btcpay`
**Impact:** Low (manual refresh works)

### Issue 2: Angor Raised Amounts = 0
**Problem:** No indexer integration yet
**Solution:** Add Angor indexer API calls
**Impact:** Medium (shows project structure, not amounts)

### Issue 3: Project Names Generic
**Problem:** Not fetching metadata events
**Solution:** Query Nostr Kind 0 events
**Impact:** Low (IDs work for demo)

---

## 🎯 Your Original Goal vs. What We Built

### **Original Goal:**
> "Analytics into crowdfunding on Angor - see capital sent to projects over days going back since Angor was created, different trends in crowdfunding"

### **What We Built:**
✅ Connection to Angor protocol  
✅ Fetches real project data  
✅ Time-series visualization  
⏳ Need to add raised amount tracking  
⏳ Need historical data aggregation  

**Status:** 70% complete - Core infrastructure done, data enrichment needed

---

## 📞 Next Session Plan

1. Test Nostr connection and verify real data
2. Add project metadata fetching for names
3. Integrate with Angor indexer for raised amounts
4. Add UI tooltips and explanations
5. Create final demo script

---

## 🚀 Quick Start for Next Session

```bash
# 1. Start the server
cd /Users/mattfarrow/GitRepos/btc-crowd-funding
source .venv/bin/activate
uvicorn app.main:app --reload

# 2. Test Angor integration
curl http://localhost:8000/?source=angor

# 3. Check logs for Nostr messages
# Look for: "✅ Fetched X real Angor projects from Nostr"

# 4. View dashboard
open http://localhost:8000/?source=angor
```

---

## 📚 Resources

- **Angor Docs:** https://docs.angor.io/
- **Angor GitHub:** https://github.com/block-core/angor
- **NIP-3030:** https://github.com/block-core/nips/blob/peer-to-peer-decentralized-funding/3030.md
- **Nostr SDK:** https://github.com/rust-nostr/nostr
- **Your Repo:** https://github.com/matthewfarrow/btc-crowd-funding

---

Generated: October 11, 2025
Status: Angor/Nostr integration complete, data enrichment in progress

Commit message:

feat: Refine analytics + enhance offline fallback
- Add satoshi-safe unit conversion helpers (_sats, _sat_to_btc)
- Compute daily funding totals grouped by project creation date
- Normalize demo JSON loader to match indexer data shape
- Add data source banner (live vs demo) to dashboard
- Remove obsolete BTCPay references from docs
- Update README to reflect Angor-first architecture
- Rewrite tests to focus on project aggregation logic
- Delete app/views.py.backup (obsolete file)
- Add aiofiles to requirements.txt for static file serving

ANGOR_INTEGRATION_STATUS.md, after:

# 🎯 Angor Real Data Integration - Status & Next Steps

> **Note:** The implementation details below correspond to the earlier dual-source dashboard.  
> The current application already ships with an Angor-first adapter and a lightweight UI. Refer to `README.md` for its behaviour.

## ✅ What We Built

### 1. **Real Angor/Nostr Integration** (`app/angor_nostr_client.py`)
- Connects to Angor Nostr relays (`wss://relay.angor.io`, etc.)
- Fetches real crowdfunding projects using NIP-3030 (Event Kind 3030)
- Parses project data: target amounts, stages, founder keys
- Falls back to demo data if Nostr is unavailable

### 2. **Updated Adapter** (`app/angor_adapter.py`)
- **Priority 1:** Fetch REAL Angor projects from Nostr
- **Priority 2:** Fall back to demo JSON if Nostr fails
- Logs which data source is being used

### 3. **Installed Dependencies**
- ✅ `nostr-sdk` - Python library for Nostr protocol
- ✅ `websockets` - For relay connections

---

## 🔍 What Your Dashboard Shows

### Current Data Sources:

| URL Path | Data Source | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|
| `/` (default) | BTCPay Server | Individual invoices (NOT crowdfunding) |
| `/?source=angor` | **Angor Nostr** | REAL Bitcoin crowdfunding projects |

---

## 📊 Understanding the Dashboard Metrics

### **Invoice Status Meanings:**

1. **New** = Invoice created, awaiting payment
2. **Processing** = Payment received, awaiting confirmations
3. **Settled** = Payment confirmed, transaction complete
4. **Expired** = Invoice timed out without payment
5. **Invalid** = Payment failed or rejected

### **Daily Raised Capital Chart:**
- Shows BTC raised per day
- **For BTCPay:** Individual invoice payments
- **For Angor:** Crowdfunding investments over time

### **Status Distribution:**
- Pie chart showing breakdown of invoice/project statuses
- Click slices to filter by status (feature to be added)

---

## 🚨 Important: Data Source Confusion

### **BTCPay Server ≠ Crowdfunding**
- BTCPay = Payment processor for merchants (like Stripe)
- Used for: Invoices, products, services
- **NOT** for crowdfunding campaigns

### **Angor = Real Crowdfunding**
- Decentralized Bitcoin crowdfunding platform
- Like Kickstarter, but for Bitcoin
- Uses Nostr protocol for project data
- Uses Bitcoin time-locked contracts for funds

**Your original goal:** See capital raised for projects on Angor over time
**What we built:** Dashboard that can show BOTH BTCPay invoices AND Angor crowdfunding

---

## 🔧 Next Steps to Complete Integration

### 1. **Test Nostr Connection** (5 min)
```bash
cd /Users/mattfarrow/GitRepos/btc-crowd-funding
python3 -c "
import asyncio
from app.angor_nostr_client import fetch_angor_projects_from_nostr
projects = asyncio.run(fetch_angor_projects_from_nostr())
print(f'Found {len(projects)} projects')
"
```

### 2. **Verify Real Data** (2 min)
- Open: http://localhost:8000/?source=angor
- Check if you see real Angor projects (not demo data)
- Look for log message: "✅ Fetched X real Angor projects from Nostr"

### 3. **Enrich Project Names** (15 min)
Current issue: Projects show as "Angor Project abc123"
Solution: Fetch Nostr Kind 0 (metadata) events for actual names

```python
# Add to angor_nostr_client.py
async def fetch_project_metadata(nostr_pubkeys):
    # Query Kind 0 events for project names/descriptions
    pass
```

### 4. **Get Raised Amounts** (30 min)
Current issue: `amount_raised` always shows 0
Solution: Query Angor indexer API or Bitcoin blockchain

Options:
- Use Angor's indexer API (if available)
- Query Bitcoin explorer for funding transactions
- Parse on-chain data using project identifiers

### 5. **Add Historical Data** (1 hour)
Goal: Show "daily raised capital over last 30 days"
Solution: 
- Store project snapshots in database
- Query Nostr events with time ranges
- Aggregate investments by date

---

## 🎯 Recommended Focus

### **For Your Hackathon Demo:**

1. ✅ **Verify Nostr is working** - Test connection
2. ✅ **Show real Angor projects** - Even with placeholder data
3. ✅ **Explain the visualization** - What each metric means
4. 📝 **Document limitations** - "Raised amounts coming from indexer"
5. 📝 **Roadmap slide** - Show what's next

### **What Works Right Now:**
- ✅ Connects to Nostr relays
- ✅ Fetches real project structures
- ✅ Shows target amounts
- ✅ Displays project count
- ✅ Visualizes time-series data

### **What Needs Work:**
- ⏳ Enriching project names/descriptions
- ⏳ Fetching actual raised amounts
- ⏳ Historical daily aggregation
- ⏳ UI explanations (tooltips, drill-downs)

---

## 📝 Improving the UI

### **Add Status Explanations:**

In `templates/index.html`, add tooltips:
```html
<div class="stat-card" title="New = Awaiting payment">
    <h3>{{ new_count }}</h3>
    <p>New</p>
</div>
```

### **Add Drill-Down Views:**

In `app/views.py`, add status filter:
```python
@router.get("/")
async def dashboard(status_filter: str = "all"):
    if status_filter != "all":
        invoices = get_invoices_by_status(session, status_filter)
```

### **Add Click Handlers:**

In templates, add JavaScript:
```javascript
document.querySelectorAll('.stat-card').forEach(card => {
    card.addEventListener('click', () => {
        window.location.href = `/?status=${card.dataset.status}`;
    });
});
```

---

## 🎉 What You Achieved

You now have:
1. ✅ Real BTCPay Server integration
2. ✅ Real Angor/Nostr protocol integration
3. ✅ Webhook support for real-time updates
4. ✅ Analytics dashboard with visualizations
5. ✅ Database persistence
6. ✅ Deployed to GitHub

**This is a working MVP!** 🚀

The core architecture is solid. You can now:
- Show real crowdfunding projects from Angor
- Track Bitcoin payments from BTCPay
- Visualize trends over time
- Demo at your hackathon

---

## 🐛 Known Issues

### Issue 1: BTCPay Webhook Not Saving Invoices
**Problem:** Webhook deliveries sent to `/webhook/btcpay` but endpoint is `/webhook`
**Fix:** Update BTCPay webhook URL to remove `/btcpay`
**Impact:** Low (manual refresh works)

### Issue 2: Angor Raised Amounts = 0
**Problem:** No indexer integration yet
**Solution:** Add Angor indexer API calls
**Impact:** Medium (shows project structure, not amounts)

### Issue 3: Project Names Generic
**Problem:** Not fetching metadata events
**Solution:** Query Nostr Kind 0 events
**Impact:** Low (IDs work for demo)

---

## 🎯 Your Original Goal vs. What We Built

### **Original Goal:**
> "Analytics into crowdfunding on Angor - see capital sent to projects over days going back since Angor was created, different trends in crowdfunding"

### **What We Built:**
✅ Connection to Angor protocol  
✅ Fetches real project data  
✅ Time-series visualization  
⏳ Need to add raised amount tracking  
⏳ Need historical data aggregation  

**Status:** 70% complete - Core infrastructure done, data enrichment needed

---

## 📞 Next Session Plan

1. Test Nostr connection and verify real data
2. Add project metadata fetching for names
3. Integrate with Angor indexer for raised amounts
4. Add UI tooltips and explanations
5. Create final demo script

---

## 🚀 Quick Start for Next Session

```bash
# 1. Start the server
cd /Users/mattfarrow/GitRepos/btc-crowd-funding
source .venv/bin/activate
uvicorn app.main:app --reload

# 2. Test Angor integration
curl http://localhost:8000/?source=angor

# 3. Check logs for Nostr messages
# Look for: "✅ Fetched X real Angor projects from Nostr"

# 4. View dashboard
open http://localhost:8000/?source=angor
```

---

## 📚 Resources

- **Angor Docs:** https://docs.angor.io/
- **Angor GitHub:** https://github.com/block-core/angor
- **NIP-3030:** https://github.com/block-core/nips/blob/peer-to-peer-decentralized-funding/3030.md
- **Nostr SDK:** https://github.com/rust-nostr/nostr
- **Your Repo:** https://github.com/matthewfarrow/btc-crowd-funding

---

Generated: October 11, 2025
Status: Angor/Nostr integration complete, data enrichment in progress
