PUSH_TO_GITHUB.md, before:

# Push to GitHub Instructions

Your local repository is initialized and committed! Now you need to create the GitHub repository and push.

## Option 1: Create Repository via GitHub Web Interface (Recommended)

1. **Go to GitHub**: https://github.com/new
2. **Repository name**: `btc-crowd-funding`
3. **Description**: Bitcoin crowdfunding analytics dashboard with BTCPay Server integration
4. **Visibility**: Choose Public or Private
5. **DO NOT** initialize with README, .gitignore, or license (we already have these)
6. **Click "Create repository"**

7. **Then run this command**:
```bash
git push -u origin main
```

## Option 2: Create Repository via GitHub CLI (if installed)

If you have the GitHub CLI installed:

```bash
# Create the repository
gh repo create btc-crowd-funding --public --source=. --remote=origin --description="Bitcoin crowdfunding analytics dashboard with BTCPay Server integration"

# Push the code
git push -u origin main
```

## Option 3: Create Repository via API

```bash
# Create via curl (you'll need a GitHub personal access token)
curl -H "Authorization: token YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN" \
     -d '{"name":"btc-crowd-funding","description":"Bitcoin crowdfunding analytics dashboard with BTCPay Server integration","private":false}' \
     https://api.github.com/user/repos

# Then push
git push -u origin main
```

## Current Git Status

✅ Repository initialized  
✅ All files staged and committed  
✅ Remote 'origin' configured to: https://github.com/mattfarrow1/btc-crowd-funding.git  
✅ Branch 'main' ready to push  

## What's Being Pushed

- Complete FastAPI application (29 files, 4,231 lines)
- All documentation files
- Demo data and tests
- .gitignore (excludes .venv, .env, *.db, __pycache__)

## After Pushing

Once pushed, your repository will be available at:
**https://github.com/mattfarrow1/btc-crowd-funding**

You can then:
1. Add topics/tags in GitHub settings
2. Enable GitHub Pages for documentation (optional)
3. Set up GitHub Actions for CI/CD (optional)
4. Share the repository URL

## Quick Check

Before pushing, verify everything is ready:
```bash
git status
git log --oneline
git remote -v
```

Commit message:

feat: Refine analytics + enhance offline fallback
- Add satoshi-safe unit conversion helpers (_sats, _sat_to_btc)
- Compute daily funding totals grouped by project creation date
- Normalize demo JSON loader to match indexer data shape
- Add data source banner (live vs demo) to dashboard
- Remove obsolete BTCPay references from docs
- Update README to reflect Angor-first architecture
- Rewrite tests to focus on project aggregation logic
- Delete app/views.py.backup (obsolete file)
- Add aiofiles to requirements.txt for static file serving

PUSH_TO_GITHUB.md, after:

# Push to GitHub Instructions

> **Heads-up:** Update the repository description to reflect the Angor-focused dashboard before publishing.

Your local repository is initialized and committed! Now you need to create the GitHub repository and push.

## Option 1: Create Repository via GitHub Web Interface (Recommended)

1. **Go to GitHub**: https://github.com/new
2. **Repository name**: `btc-crowd-funding`
3. **Description**: Bitcoin crowdfunding analytics dashboard with BTCPay Server integration
4. **Visibility**: Choose Public or Private
5. **DO NOT** initialize with README, .gitignore, or license (we already have these)
6. **Click "Create repository"**

7. **Then run this command**:
```bash
git push -u origin main
```

## Option 2: Create Repository via GitHub CLI (if installed)

If you have the GitHub CLI installed:

```bash
# Create the repository
gh repo create btc-crowd-funding --public --source=. --remote=origin --description="Bitcoin crowdfunding analytics dashboard with BTCPay Server integration"

# Push the code
git push -u origin main
```

## Option 3: Create Repository via API

```bash
# Create via curl (you'll need a GitHub personal access token)
curl -H "Authorization: token YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN" \
     -d '{"name":"btc-crowd-funding","description":"Bitcoin crowdfunding analytics dashboard with BTCPay Server integration","private":false}' \
     https://api.github.com/user/repos

# Then push
git push -u origin main
```

## Current Git Status

✅ Repository initialized  
✅ All files staged and committed  
✅ Remote 'origin' configured to: https://github.com/mattfarrow1/btc-crowd-funding.git  
✅ Branch 'main' ready to push  

## What's Being Pushed

- Complete FastAPI application (29 files, 4,231 lines)
- All documentation files
- Demo data and tests
- .gitignore (excludes .venv, .env, *.db, __pycache__)

## After Pushing

Once pushed, your repository will be available at:
**https://github.com/mattfarrow1/btc-crowd-funding**

You can then:
1. Add topics/tags in GitHub settings
2. Enable GitHub Pages for documentation (optional)
3. Set up GitHub Actions for CI/CD (optional)
4. Share the repository URL

## Quick Check

Before pushing, verify everything is ready:
```bash
git status
git log --oneline
git remote -v
```
